I've been volunteering here more six
months
and it's been an amazing experience
going deeper than whatever I've had an
opportunity to do so far and I'm here
almost every day and I've learned so
much already oh I love the zebra I
bought one for my family and I tried
some traditional horse training
techniques with it i was making little
steps but after coming here I feel so
confident going back home and making
some real good strides with my super no
Nancy for about a year now and Shh
originally I met her to help train my
mule my mule was pushy wouldn't stand
still and I had had other trainers but
with the friendship training Nancy was
able to not only calm her down to the
point where I could crawl under her she
taught me a world of knowledge but I
would give it at least two syllables so
they don't hear the first syllable
they'll hear the second syllable ready
for anything and any horse I don't know
if the air force has been just 20 years
old and is a push button trained horse
teaches the back rub so many accidents
occur when people walk up behind that
horse without saying anything
that horse doesn't know why you're
coming up behind I see dancing
clinic as being really valuable because
it's bringing a playfulness into the
world of horse training a lot of the
world of horse training has a great deal
of force and it's almost seems to me
that people can deliberately take the
fun out of the event
Nancy's way of training is very natural
it's using the body languages of the
animals themselves but it's very playful
it's okay to get excited it's okay to to
to pet your baby and talk to it as if
you're enjoying it's coming which you
should be doing
I'm looking at these ears are both
pointing that way and I'm over here but
I know I don't have a detention that's
gonna make me go